Minimum qualifications:

    Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.
    1 year of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, JavaScript).
    1 year of experience with data structures or algorithms.


Preferred qualifications:

    Experience with data mining.
    Experience with machine learning.
    Knowledge in back-end software development.
    Interest in scalable data processing.

About the job

Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.

In this role, you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will also design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.

People shop on Google more than a billion times a day - and the Commerce team is responsible for building the experiences that serve these users. The mission for Google Commerce is to be an essential part of the shopping journey for consumers - from inspiration to to a simple and secure checkout experience - and the best place for retailers/merchants to connect with consumers. We support and partner with the commerce ecosystem, from large retailers to small local merchants, to give them the tools, technology and scale to thrive in today’s digital world.
Responsibilities

    Write product or system development code.
    Participate in, or lead design reviews with peers and stakeholders to decide on available technologies.
    Review code developed by other developers and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency).
    Contribute to existing documentation or educational content and adapt content based on product/program updates and user feedback.
    Triage product or system issues and debug/track/resolve by analyzing the sources of issues and the impact on hardware, network, or service operations and quality.
