Minimum qualifications:

    Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
    5 years of experience in sales, advertising, or marketing.


Preferred qualifications:

    Knowledge of traditional and online marketing strategy and tactics, and products across all digital advertising product areas.
    Knowledge of the local market with excellent analytical skills.
    Ability to think strategically about complex issues and develop recommendations and action plans.
    Demonstrated ability to lead and manage multiple projects with a broad range of internal and external constituents simultaneously.

About the job

Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing businesses grow. Using your relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users.

As an Account Executive, you will work with your respective set of advertisers to shape their business growth and strengthen long-term relationships. You will drive scalable product adoption and business growth. In this role, you will anticipate how decisions are made at a C-Level, you will explore and uncover the business needs of customers, and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. You will set the goal and strategy for how their advertising can reach users.

Google Customer Solutions (GCS) sales teams are trusted advisors and competitive sellers who maintain a relentless focus on customer success by bringing the best Google has to offer to small- and medium-sized businesses (SMBs), which are the backbone of our communities. As a member of our team, you’ll have the opportunity to work with company owners and make a real difference in their businesses by helping them grow. Together, we help shape the future of innovation for customers, partners, and sellers...and we have fun doing it.
Responsibilities

    Anticipate how decisions are made at a C-Level, explore and uncover the business needs of customers, and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Set the goal and strategy for how their advertising can reach users.
    Manage a portfolio of customers alongside account managers to consistently deliver against goals, while prioritizing and delivering an outstanding sales experience to customers.
    Establish credibility with executives and serve as a trusted consultant to optimize and expand their advertising investment, by understanding business drivers, identifying opportunities for growth, managing risks, and creating multi-quarter plans for sustainable business growth.
    Drive business growth, long-term partnerships, business planning and strategy, review, and education for customers. Coach peers proactively in the organization to create skill lift that drives customer growth.
